hello mr. shin or should I say officer
chef the last time I had in this chair
lasted almost 48 how would you like to
try for new record call me when it comes
around there's no rush this is your last
chance to come in clean what's he gonna
do recipe call me a row cough I didn't
know what hit I'm doing needs to be done
way here's the real deal why are the bad
ones always so good-looking bona fide
try killer from the streets
how do you think this was gonna go down
whatever it takes you remember that ray
your brothers you will die a thousand
times over it's motherfucker right here
this this I came on to take down his son
on you not to shuffle the deck we knew
you would become personally attached you
tell me to leave that is people stay the
fuck out of our territory and in return
will let him live it's war now
you want the Chairman I report am now
you want the red balls I'm one of them
you
so these motherfuckers what it means to
be soon all ye
that's what where is your one of them
I